Timothy Sackton: Okay, so short intro as you are leaving the village have to have the two kula following FIBA and your friends back to the material world keenly aware of the tonchi that seemed to hover just beyond your senses.
Timothy Sackton: You can almost feel the hand of a sub D holding this place hidden enlightened shadow the path seems to splinter and shift does have seen through blinking bloke broken, glass and you sense the work of Barry Chico the spirit of glass in your vision.
Timothy Sackton: You feel rain on your face the water soaking into the ground and for a moment you sense the presence of show you as you almost feel the squashing of mine on your bare feet, through your Armor boots.
Timothy Sackton: As you walk distracted by your newfound awareness of the spirits that flit around you suddenly your when your vision is pulled back to your friends in a jumbled collection of images, as the pocket dimension collapses a ship approaching a jacket coastline.
Timothy Sackton: of an unfamiliar island a meadow of golden butterflies a dense tropical forest.
Timothy Sackton: As you feel kenza well being seeker pulled away from you, you hear well b's voice in your mind just for a moment, find your way to the failed to the portal near you do miss this Tower we will meet again there.
Timothy Sackton: And then you are hurtling towards the ground.
Timothy Sackton: It is late afternoon trending towards dust Can you see below you the slopes of tall mountains, the peaks Tipton white dense for pine forests, covering the slopes there's a chill in the air, the hint of a long winter to come.
Timothy Sackton: stretching to the West rugged hills of mixed for us the maples of the lower elevations already turning vibrant reds and yellows.
Timothy Sackton: The sun low in the sky cast the beautiful golden light across the forest and mountains in the distance in the valleys, you see a hint of shadows dark spots, with no obvious clouds drifting over the ground.
Timothy Sackton: In the next moment you find yourself on the ground in the pine forests about halfway up the mountains watching the light of a flickering campfire in the evening a few hundred feet ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: I see me walk toward a campfire.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you approach you can almost sense what you will see before you see at.
Timothy Sackton: This is a hunting camp.
Timothy Sackton: about a dozen people.
Timothy Sackton: carrying on the work of preparing the camp for the night there's tents for blankets, several large out and dear being butchered.
Timothy Sackton: Some already butchered their skins salted deer hide stretched between trees drying a charcoal pits smoking as meat is dried for jerk as.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach, perhaps somewhat disoriented.
Timothy Sackton: you hear you know some whistles some obvious calls of.
Timothy Sackton: The watchers the lookouts at the camp and four or five of the people begin.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering.
Timothy Sackton: bows and shields and heading towards the sort of peering into the gleam of the shadows looking at you, and one calls.
Timothy Sackton: In dental Chi which, at this point i'm going to say you've now learned to.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask him, I noticed you added as a bonus.
Mike Sackton: But yes, I was gonna suggest that that was learned that quiet at some point then Okay, at some point.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Who goes there.
Mike Sackton: i'll call out.
Mike Sackton: I have no real idea, you said I saw I saw mount mountains, now that was yeah Okay, but otherwise I have really no idea where I am.
Timothy Sackton: No clue.
Mike Sackton: i'll call out a traveler.
Mike Sackton: i'm lost in these words.
Mike Sackton: i've come from far away.
Timothy Sackton: They they sort of move to surround you slightly in motion you forward into the sort of light of the of the fire and.
Timothy Sackton: The man who's speaking, is calling out to you is.
i'll reply and detrimental.
Timothy Sackton: Right middle aged.
Timothy Sackton: Like a long salt and pepper tangled beard bald head holding a longbow wearing scale male Armor with a shield slung on his back.
Timothy Sackton: A piece of mammoth task carved with a design around his neck.
Timothy Sackton: With his.
Timothy Sackton: His boat drawn cause that again to you.
Timothy Sackton: There are a few travelers in these parts.
Timothy Sackton: Especially speaking our tongue.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you hail from.
Mike Sackton: i'll like throwback by hood and make it obvious i'm an Elf.
Timothy Sackton: Like they sort of look around and take a step back and somebody and you hear somebody else from in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: The elves have returned.
Mike Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: what's what's what's the idea track.
Mike Sackton: what's the name of the I always forget that was actual.
Mike Sackton: You gave me a name.
Mike Sackton: I should write it.
Timothy Sackton: I knew I knew Mara.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm gonna write this at my character sheet.
Timothy Sackton: that's the that's the name of the whole for us from south of here.
Mike Sackton: Right well that's that's.
I knew.
Mike Sackton: I knew.
Mike Sackton: He just put it in chat.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's an eye yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'll i'll answer.
Mike Sackton: Originally, also one other what's the name of the four at the.
Mike Sackton: The elder forest and then acquire.
Timothy Sackton: The one where you were.
Mike Sackton: The elder woodside the Elder.
Timothy Sackton: elder would ended undergrad.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
talk.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then the.
Mike Sackton: The people that the people.
Mike Sackton: We were waiting.
Mike Sackton: To cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so i'm.
Mike Sackton: Down with will well sort of walk around say.
Mike Sackton: I was born anew Maria.
Mike Sackton: Most recently, though.
Mike Sackton: I was wait hold that how far away did did he appear like this was only.
Mike Sackton: A 500 feet right or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: After many twisted pathways I found my way to the tenant taka right was a guest of the two cool.
Mike Sackton: People like yourselves, I believe.
Mike Sackton: Most recently, he kind of walks back behind him 500 feet.
Mike Sackton: out 500 feet that way how I got there i'm not sure.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks back at his companions and sort of motions you forward.
Timothy Sackton: You speak of distant lands and myths imagines.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: What what brings you to these woods.
Mike Sackton: 90 to find the gods that you sorry I should have I was looking at my email for the okay I didn't change anything from the email, I sent about the riskin right those for god's at the bottom or the for God.
Mike Sackton: yeah that okay.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with will say.
Mike Sackton: I heard.
Mike Sackton: I seek.
Mike Sackton: Yes, Ali.
Mike Sackton: tonchi.
Timothy Sackton: You you know if the Miss swati the silent ones and Alice.
Mike Sackton: Is Ali is not silent.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like color sort of stairs to James from his face.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: Cast mates had.
Mike Sackton: This is his hand.
Mike Sackton: working through me.
Timothy Sackton: He looks sort of an arm let's back it is canopy says.
Timothy Sackton: You speak truly.
Timothy Sackton: Is Ali has been silent for.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many generations hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: has been imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: and still is.
Timothy Sackton: And how then does.
Timothy Sackton: Today, speak.
Timothy Sackton: Do they act through you.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't.
Mike Sackton: I was imprisoned with them.
Mike Sackton: And is Ali somehow.
Mike Sackton: pushed me out of the prison left the link between us.
Timothy Sackton: You know of.
Timothy Sackton: The other Simon ones.
Timothy Sackton: This year, or kona scotty.
Timothy Sackton: yeah leaky terracotta imagery.
Mike Sackton: Only rumors from the two cooler.
Timothy Sackton: did not know we were it was true.
Timothy Sackton: You must.
Timothy Sackton: You must come to our village, you must.
Timothy Sackton: You must speak with the new.
Mike Sackton: gesture like.
Timothy Sackton: With the way she will want to hear.
Timothy Sackton: Because it is a two day journey, please.
Timothy Sackton: Share camp for the evening.
Timothy Sackton: Hello like.
Timothy Sackton: savvy can guide you in the morning justice to like a younger boy.
Timothy Sackton: So you know you you.
Timothy Sackton: spend some time with them that you know it's um.
Timothy Sackton: It it does feel like strangely familiar to you and.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if you're also seeing everything like it like there's just a lot of deja vu right like Oh, you know they'll before eating some of this this fresh dear they you know, make a little offering to a Gaza, the the tonchi of deer and elk and reindeer.
Timothy Sackton: And you know this guy's do like carving a little bed, and you can see, you know just the feeling of the tonchi around strikes you, but the morning you, you are taken by debbie this.
Timothy Sackton: younger boy who leads you.
Timothy Sackton: Lead you.
Timothy Sackton: up the mountains about.
Timothy Sackton: it's about a two day journey and during the trip he explains.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's not it's not safe to spend a long time.
Timothy Sackton: down this low.
Timothy Sackton: we're only about 2030 miles from the forest of nightmares down here, and you never know what might.
Timothy Sackton: sneak up in the night up the slopes.
Mike Sackton: Before we leave camp actually does any of them have any.
Mike Sackton: Geographic sense like.
Mike Sackton: Has any of them traveled far enough to have any way of sort of positioning us like how far north like even which direction we are from.
Mike Sackton: A new.
Timothy Sackton: yeah everything there a new mara's to the south.
Timothy Sackton: A fair bit to the south, they are, and as you know, they they somebody draws like a crude map just the mountain the central mountains and then draws the little chain of volcanoes that is pindar and you are like 200 miles south of Panda you're like way to the north.
Mike Sackton: I want to I mean at some point, maybe in the night but or maybe just this guy.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will express some curiosity and stories of how they survived the Great War.
Mike Sackton: They must have myths and legends.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah so yeah he tells you they so most of them did and.
Timothy Sackton: There were ones, many tribes, the only one that survived.
Timothy Sackton: The only two tribes that survived the Great War world war, where there's the kazoo law and the shoe on raw who live, further to the status.
Timothy Sackton: And and tells you like you know Nina knows the lead she'll tell you more, but there were many great battles and silent one sacrifice themselves for our safety.
Timothy Sackton: And we fled into the mountains and fled to the protection of the stone born and lived in the high peaks for a generation sheltered by.
Timothy Sackton: In stone born refuges.
Timothy Sackton: yo yo the myth anyway, is the only escape because the six silent one sacrifice to.
Timothy Sackton: delay shots troops long enough.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: recount the tale of is Ali.
Mike Sackton: But from like a.
Mike Sackton: First person perspective right way.
Mike Sackton: Right, I mean I feel like i'm not going to dig it up, but there was a fairly detailed description in the dream so like.
Mike Sackton: Yes, maybe around the campfire like if the story is coming out right now with we'll just take the opportunity to sort of share.
Mike Sackton: And and pitch it as kind of like.
Mike Sackton: Not he was there, but I saw this through.
Mike Sackton: His all his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: So they I mean they recognize some part of fighting the giant demon is like that's the battle of dark fire that's a huge like a major.
Timothy Sackton: Right legend that is only sacrificed himself themselves with them during the battle of dark fire to prevent the forest from burning entirely.
Timothy Sackton: So everybody's like super like kind of an odd this point, and so you spend the so also debbie talks on this, a couple of days journey about how.
Timothy Sackton: Like nobody goes you can't go to the forest of dreams, but the animals live.
Mike Sackton: The best hundreds of nightmares or the forest forest have nightmares it used to be come before us my dreams.
Timothy Sackton: now before us.
Timothy Sackton: But the best hunting is you know, once you get down out of the high mountains like where that once you get down to where the purchase of Naples are and so they'll set these hunting camps in the fall and.
Timothy Sackton: hunting preserve meat and then the treat back to the villagers after a week.
Mike Sackton: Is the forest have nightmares where I knew my arrow was in the forest.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no.
Timothy Sackton: way to the south South this is this is.
Timothy Sackton: further north it's it's much further north it's like 500 miles north.
Timothy Sackton: The Northern end of right of I knew mark this is like this was like the forest, that this is like Pandora and then.
Timothy Sackton: Immediately South at penn are basically was once the forest that dream it's but it then basically got destroyed.
Mike Sackton: So this is further north.
Mike Sackton: than the map, that is, the world map that I printed.
Mike Sackton: i'm just looking.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes on the print out it doesn't it's not labeled as the forest of dreams.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that forest up so you on the map, you see that.
Timothy Sackton: Like little swampy area at the far north.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the map, this is just north of.
Mike Sackton: Just know it yeah yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, like they don't have any reference I mean they would they're just like this is way to the north, they.
Mike Sackton: Voltaire, as far as to the south.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there are no nor they know about charting but they're far enough.
Mike Sackton: North that they that that empire isn't.
Timothy Sackton: anywhere close to them like the the most of the trade, they have is actually like with them.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if they're trading with anybody it's with the stone born the like weird northern doors who live as part of the North and then the Kangaroo because right on the other side of the mountains from here is the vast open.
Timothy Sackton: plains that word but kinky let up so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm and this used to be like pretty this used to be like the Center of dental Chi civilization north of the hours like 400 500 years ago until some up looped in and wiped everything out.
Timothy Sackton: So you got that sort of story from this young boys every who's guiding you.
Timothy Sackton: And when you arrive.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple days after landing in the village it's reminiscent in a lot of ways of the democratic villages and the word it's the.
Timothy Sackton: there's the village clearing there's like the tonchi tree and an altar there's a big fire pit there, but the.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know everything's a frames with like log.
Timothy Sackton: insulated Lager happens and factors that go down to the ground there's no pigs around this no chickens there's no farm.
Timothy Sackton: there's some reindeer.
Timothy Sackton: But you know it's very it's it's clear you've gotten both far north and even in the two day journey up several thousand feet right so you've gotten from maybe 2002 to like five or 6000 you're getting up to a decent elevation all pines at this place.
Timothy Sackton: As you arrive in the afternoon you're greeted by new new who's the chief and sort of lore keeper of the village in her late 40s early 50s.
Timothy Sackton: Dirty blonde hair with hints of Gray at the temples that she whereas leaves and long.
Timothy Sackton: dresses in buck skin sort of died reds and brands.
Timothy Sackton: And like.
Timothy Sackton: As when you arrive like no messenger has gone ahead by debbie one's ahead and just like warren's people and there's like a whole gathering of people come to greet you, and they are.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's it's a it's October 2 but it's it's you know, one of those sort of early fall days that still.
Mike Sackton: present.
Mike Sackton: I guess, we spent a lot of time and.
Mike Sackton: We spent a long time that the cool a village to.
Timothy Sackton: You spent.
Timothy Sackton: 10 days in Mexico and.
Mike Sackton: that's actually bad I really wanted to get down to crush before he defeated those two.
Mike Sackton: Oh well.
Timothy Sackton: He hasn't defeated them yet.
Timothy Sackton: wow but we probably hear me.
Mike Sackton: Now said me mid fall did any.
Timothy Sackton: that's what he said, like in June right when you strike them, most recently, he was like Bob we don't have enough trips.
Mike Sackton: Right right right right okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you might have some time.
Mike Sackton: yeah anyway.
Mike Sackton: it's fall.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but they're carrying a big table out to the green they're like clearly setting up a big feast you see like you know freshly Bush your gear there's like pine brandy.
Timothy Sackton: Like jars of jam being opened, and you know, like as you're eating or after you eat this sort of elaborate meal she sort of takes you takes you aside and she I mean everybody is kind of you know, in.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly an orbit leg sort of very you know excited to see not only analysis but somebody who claims that he is Ali is still around or who claims that he is always speaks through him.
Timothy Sackton: and say you're treated as a guest of honor and then um.
Timothy Sackton: You know she she she comes up to you sort of in the firelight after dinner and sitting sort of privately and talks to you and says.
Timothy Sackton: We also have.
Timothy Sackton: Thought.
Timothy Sackton: For some time, that the silent ones, the.
Timothy Sackton: heroes of the great war have been imprisoned by some sort of evil power.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it was something that the great enemy dead or.
Timothy Sackton: Something else.
Timothy Sackton: And she brings out to.
Timothy Sackton: flat black circle that's armbands running with returns, both of which i've been melted and then in half and broken.
Timothy Sackton: And since you can read all writing, you can read the ruins are an incantation to somebody a prayer.
Timothy Sackton: For shadows for darkness or ritual for teleportation.
Is one that's daily.
Mike Sackton: is obviously the.
Mike Sackton: not exactly familiar, but these are the same.
Mike Sackton: Now, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so one is decorated with a motif for fire that's dancing around the edge and is is in fact exactly familiar like this is the armband that you touched drag you to the shutter.
Mike Sackton: You dealt with her, yes, oh.
Timothy Sackton: You you down.
Mike Sackton: Okay scary.
Timothy Sackton: The other is unfamiliar I mean it's the same design, but that.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing you've seen her for her now it'll actually here.
Mike Sackton: When he sees that armband he'll like drawback a moment and like.
Mike Sackton: almost like stumble back and then kind of catch himself and say i've seen that before.
Timothy Sackton: This one she holds up the fire, this was found far to the south south of the blackwater fans.
Timothy Sackton: We thought nothing of it for many years it ended up in our village, maybe a generation ago after having been traded, we could never.
Timothy Sackton: melted down or forge it into anything useful so it's sad.
Timothy Sackton: If this familiar to you.
Mike Sackton: It is what sent me to the prison where I was in prison.
Mike Sackton: A prison perhaps is.
Mike Sackton: The armies, I was fighting it was a pathway a door to a place where they could travel quickly.
Timothy Sackton: This one was destroyed more than a year ago now August, the past summer.
Timothy Sackton: There was a is.
Timothy Sackton: A man, one of our dental Chi a.
Timothy Sackton: Man blessed by the spirit of this started the tonchi of forest fires, you can control the flames, and he passed through inside and.
Timothy Sackton: Good something.
Timothy Sackton: Wait a minute to split and cracked.
Mike Sackton: I assume that's when.
Mike Sackton: del with fell through this guy.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: I will tell it will ask her series of questions try and pinpoint exactly what like what was the what was the lake.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's exactly the day that the Dunbar was destroyed.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: i'll say that.
Mike Sackton: That day.
Mike Sackton: I fell from the from the sky I fell from the.
Mike Sackton: place of shadows, where I was trapped that very day, this was destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: You did.
Timothy Sackton: That is amazing.
Timothy Sackton: The second one was worn by some kind of deathless warlock that attacked a hunting camp on the slopes, a few years back.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Well, in that battle.
Timothy Sackton: A warrior from the village was gravely wounded near death.
Timothy Sackton: and grasp that deathless creature to hold it to the ground for her companions to butcher with their swords and access but, as she did bleeding.
Timothy Sackton: Close to death on the edge of consciousness, she touched the circuit and vanished and we had hoped.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond hope perhaps that.
Timothy Sackton: When this was destroyed at the same time that.
Timothy Sackton: The one you say freed you is destroyed, maybe, she would return.
Timothy Sackton: And yet she has not.
Mike Sackton: I returned.
Mike Sackton: More than 1000 miles from where I left.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps she has.
Timothy Sackton: So perhaps she is alive somewhere in the world.
Timothy Sackton: That is rather than being trapped.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: We thought until we destroyed these and nothing happened we thought perhaps there was some connection between these.
Timothy Sackton: These talismans of shadow and the prison that.
Timothy Sackton: Has trapped the silent ones, but now you say, maybe destroying them has some time, maybe good return.
Mike Sackton: Yes, i'm i'm.
Mike Sackton: pretty sure i'm sure of it.
Mike Sackton: it's, the only thing I can think of that would explain it.
Timothy Sackton: And you say is Ali was trapped by a similar armband.
Mike Sackton: Yes, when he when they fought the great demons.
Mike Sackton: As a wolf and a.
Mike Sackton: ego and up Fox and other creatures that hunt at night.
Mike Sackton: tearing through this creatures flash but.
Mike Sackton: Not but being torn apart as well.
Mike Sackton: feeling close to death.
Mike Sackton: tour at.
Mike Sackton: Some general or and touched one of these very bands, I saw it in a vision.
Timothy Sackton: That is the story of the battle of the dark fire.
Timothy Sackton: The other side that one's fighting battles as well.
Timothy Sackton: The battle of the endless dark where terracotta fell silent after three days when the sun rise and place now constantly and shadow.
Timothy Sackton: The battle without hope or yeah leaky and mystere fell silent, as our people died and hopelessness cursed by some evil magic that made them lay down their arms and sit and wait for the slaughter.
Timothy Sackton: The battle of the year mode.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
Timothy Sackton: Madrid and conan conan SATA fell silent, protecting the crossing of the River from endless hobgoblin hordes.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe there are circuits like these that trapped.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of the silent ones.
Timothy Sackton: This is how you saying is Ali vanished.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I suspect there are it it.
Mike Sackton: may be too much to hope that they are all trapped none of them truly perished.
Mike Sackton: But at least some must be.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure I believe it tonchi can truly die.
Timothy Sackton: As long as they're not forgotten.
Mike Sackton: That may be true.
Timothy Sackton: But silent ones are our greatest heroes.
Timothy Sackton: They will certainly not be forgotten.
Mike Sackton: The might arrayed against them was.
Mike Sackton: unimaginable to one.
Mike Sackton: generation separated from it.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps that it's.
Timothy Sackton: Only the stories of those dark times have come down to us now.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The remnants of that evil that sometimes creep up the mountains from the forest of nightmares.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Even if.
Mike Sackton: Even if your.
Mike Sackton: Hope is proven false and some of some of the last are truly lost it must be that many of them are not where these circuits come to you from there many miles from where they would were found.
Mike Sackton: Have you any clues as to where others may be.
Timothy Sackton: There is a stone born.
Timothy Sackton: In hunting camp near here, who has.
Timothy Sackton: traveled the forest have nightmares herself.
Timothy Sackton: and seeing some of these ancient battlefields.
Timothy Sackton: and brought us stories of.
Timothy Sackton: The dead.
Timothy Sackton: A giant demon corpse lying in a forest clearing with a dark armband on its rest.
Timothy Sackton: I believe they may be found at the battle sites where the tonchi foul.
Timothy Sackton: If they are to be found anywhere this circle at that you say trapped you in a prison was brought from a battlefield far to the south.
Timothy Sackton: This this one that.
Timothy Sackton: This one that.
Timothy Sackton: trapped.
Timothy Sackton: Oh ma the warrior who you say may be wondering lost somewhere far across the world.
Timothy Sackton: which by the way, now, I have to convince somebody to play oh my for the well be one shot.
Mike Sackton: I don't actually be kind of fun.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if i'm gonna necessarily if i'm if i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A one shot to make but.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I, the only one, I really want to do i'm really into this idea of playing that.
Mike Sackton: The foreign car I think they.
Might.
Timothy Sackton: I think, because aaron's gonna need some time to.
Timothy Sackton: Like get.
Timothy Sackton: I suspect we'll do the failed one last right when everybody's.
Mike Sackton: I mean it doesn't have to be.
Timothy Sackton: But I also want to do a Mylar adventure in September.
Timothy Sackton: yeah everybody that I hope you.
Mike Sackton: Join for you to get here.
Timothy Sackton: writing a one shot anyway um.
Timothy Sackton: That one was taken was carried by a some sort of deathless creature that came from the.
Timothy Sackton: Forest of nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: But little moves in that for us.
Timothy Sackton: There are no animals, there are no.
Timothy Sackton: People.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing living can survive there long.
Mike Sackton: did all of the last fallen forest.
Timothy Sackton: All of the last fell in the forest.
Timothy Sackton: So that is where I would look.
Mike Sackton: That is a clue then.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe this stone born and the man who destroyed these two.
Timothy Sackton: would be willing to travel with you on this task.
Mike Sackton: I would.
Mike Sackton: be glad if the company traveling to such a place.
Timothy Sackton: I would warn you to keep moving if you are a pair.
Timothy Sackton: To longer you stay in one place eventually the shadows will be attracted to living creatures.
Timothy Sackton: And if you stay.
Timothy Sackton: You stay for long.
Timothy Sackton: In one camp.
Timothy Sackton: You awake.
Timothy Sackton: To find yourself surrounded by shadows.
Mike Sackton: So no longer is.
Timothy Sackton: lonely three encounters so.
Mike Sackton: that's a good way to that's a good way to structure it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There might be some place there might be some secret hidden place where you can get what long fast right you work hard right.
Mike Sackton: Now it doesn't last long enough, I was gonna say you know what would help with a long rest is probably a magic circle, but it only lasts an hour.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: And I guess it wouldn't help against shadows like his name it'll be a feat that'd be fun.
Timothy Sackton: there's a giant.
Mike Sackton: demon yeah exactly.
Mike Sackton: Like way yeah.
Mike Sackton: Where are these other sorry go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: I was just gonna say if there's anything else you want to ask.
Mike Sackton: Now I mean any details that like maybe not tonight, but.
Mike Sackton: I do want to spend a little bit of time like.
Mike Sackton: Getting details of the legends right not.
Mike Sackton: Right pretty well no that is Ali one having seen it but.
Mike Sackton: Right any clues that would help find.
Mike Sackton: places right is the idea.
Timothy Sackton: Right I haven't written all of us yeah but also the idea is that.
Timothy Sackton: Kate the stone board and he hates character, has been to all of these but.
Timothy Sackton: We don't need to spend I don't want to spend a ton of time, you know it whatever right like I wasn't really expecting you to say just.
Timothy Sackton: it's just for particular flavor flavor I will give you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna send a little like here are the battle just because it might be useful to know a little bit about each battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: So she you know your conversation eventually Peters off and before you leave for the camp, the next day.
Timothy Sackton: The God color of this tribe.
Timothy Sackton: I mean all the end.
Mike Sackton: All and there's no reason, like is there any sense of urgency, here I mean presumably.
Mike Sackton: No there's no rush right like I wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: spend day yes yeah I mean, obviously, a few days, but it feels like.
Mike Sackton: I want to tell a few stories in here a few stories, I mean i'm no kenzo but still like.
Mike Sackton: Right, it feels a bit like that, with would want to hear stories, especially as Ali, and you know take just take a day to hang out in the village and like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: Like just just talk really basically right like from.
Mike Sackton: Just from sort of.
Mike Sackton: getting to know these people in these stories and like you know getting.
Mike Sackton: getting to know the new his new.
Mike Sackton: yeah the the the tonchi who.
Mike Sackton: Are sort of.
Mike Sackton: Listening to him right.
Mike Sackton: Like and right just kind of observing their culture, like he's very curious about their culture and sort of feels.
Mike Sackton: Right in some.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of similarities.
Timothy Sackton: To the to the to kula.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right which where he spent some time the difference, a lot of the difference that I mean the religion is very similar that they they worship different tonchi some different tonchi like you know there's more focused on.
Timothy Sackton: You know they have a god's spirit of the deer and the reindeer and caribou and elk there's like more fire like a story the spirit of the forest fires and no cost to the spirit of like warm and.
Mike Sackton: I don't need you to like.
Mike Sackton: A whole bunch of war, but.
Mike Sackton: It just right and.
Mike Sackton: I think that was also feels like.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Being by himself, he feels more attuned to listening to the culture.
Mike Sackton: Then he would have in that in the.
Mike Sackton: tenant.
Mike Sackton: cool a village where he was more focused on the aftermath of I mean there was a lot of trash accounts it going right.
Mike Sackton: Exactly anything's.
Timothy Sackton: got account half a million coins.
Mike Sackton: Right, it might.
Timothy Sackton: need piles right.
Mike Sackton: there's no there's just more kind of he feels like a little bit on sort of.
Mike Sackton: interior journey like it almost feels like a conversion.
Mike Sackton: Right right so he'd spend a little bit of time like again it doesn't matter from from.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Any word I mean it's just a few days just kind of maybe a day or two just kind of in the village.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I think that that makes a lot of sense so before you go this you know however long he spent in the village say i'll say two days, so I accurate yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it's a it's about a day's journey straight down the mountain to the the hunting camp, or you will meet.
Timothy Sackton: The stone born and the wildfire DRUID.
Timothy Sackton: And so, in on the god color this like old guy in his 70s, like bushy hair bushy beard wearing like long robes i'm.
Timothy Sackton: leaning on a staff like brings you this set of likes shield and Armor that he says, you know if you're going into battle on the half of them a lot T she going down to the forest nightmares you should you should take this.
Timothy Sackton: Those weren't by a hero of the Great War warrior of the tonchi and has been waiting to be claimed by somebody who will fight for the silent ones for generations.
Timothy Sackton: blast and will aid you in your fight, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: If you are.
Timothy Sackton: If you are seeking to.
Timothy Sackton: Free DEMO it from their prisons, perhaps they will.
Timothy Sackton: hear you better.
Timothy Sackton: With this.
Timothy Sackton: No Armor is it's like doesn't really look to Armor right it looks like sort of bucks skin and and for trim but you see as you look at it there's like very finally carved myth myth row ish.
Timothy Sackton: Some whatever they got from the dwarves right there close to the.
Timothy Sackton: chain links that you're like scales that form scale Mel but that are sort of blend into the to the height of the.
Timothy Sackton: Armor and the shield there's I mean you can make up how it's painted or it's the standard DEMO guys are brightly colored decorated with an animal motif probably a fox or a wolf or something like that.
Mike Sackton: can't be a fox.
Timothy Sackton: Why not.
Mike Sackton: To derivatives.
Timothy Sackton: Right cuz.
Mike Sackton: You can't have another character as a fox.
Timothy Sackton: totem animal ah.
Timothy Sackton: Something that hunts in the night, it could.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: A bear.
Mike Sackton: Bear or, like the other thing I was thinking about was like a mountain lion or a boy yeah That would be good, like like a mountain lion or like a link or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Bobby canning.
Mike Sackton: Bottom pad I think I think a big cat of some kind is actually.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: It feels it feels a little bit I like I like a big cat.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um but it's it's elaborately decorated so it has.
Timothy Sackton: It has this like face of the of the bobcat on the front, but then it's it's a raid around the side with a series of.
Timothy Sackton: Bird motifs of crows and ravens and.
Timothy Sackton: swallows and night hawks like this, basically, the sort of twilight night hawks in particular the lake you know birds that fly agile flyers that.
Timothy Sackton: Right start around at night, you know hunting insects and then.
Timothy Sackton: On the enemy and then it's like bright, you know, on all of this on background of of.
Timothy Sackton: Of brightly colored brightly colored paint where the birds are very stylized right the bb characters like central motif and there's just this ring of stylized birds.
Timothy Sackton: So he gives you these things, and then you set off and then that's a little pickup when you come to the camp and meet the other characters on Thursday.
Mike Sackton: sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: So mechanically I would say this is mythical scale male.
Timothy Sackton: The Armor.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Just a straight shield, which then will get magical as you.
Timothy Sackton: saw things.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
well.
Timothy Sackton: So I think yeah let me know if you think of anything but I think i've got everything set.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Thursday.
Mike Sackton: Alright, is complaining.
Mike Sackton: him.
Timothy Sackton: He hasn't responded to my texts, and I said hey do you want me to make a character, or do you want to make a character, I suspect, to text me on Thursday and say hey do you have a character for me.
Timothy Sackton: Right and i'll be like.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: I have an idea for something I could make quickly that would be a simple right like i'm not gonna do anything complicated for him, but.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Mike Sackton: Dennis quiet, who comes with us easily.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's what it would be right just.
Mike Sackton: make him a fighter.
Timothy Sackton: I was just gonna make him a fighter.
Mike Sackton: champion fighter no choices.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna make him an arcane Archer give them a.
Timothy Sackton: magical magical arrows he could cheat.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you don't actually have much range, not to may leave fighters and US spell caster so right and Archer would be a good addition.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: yep that's it but.